In this project i'll improve rate-limiting.

Before hoping on to the implementation ,lets first understand why can't we go ahead with fixed window algorithm?

Basic rate limiting tells us the answer to the question - "Has this fingerprint exceeded N requests in T seconds?"

but there are various loopholes which can break the fixed window impl of redis, some of which are:

1. Burst Problem - The burst problem in the fixed window rate limiting algorithm occurs because requests near the boundary of two consecutive windows can exceed the intended limit. This allows a sudden surge (burst) of requests that technically respect the limit but overwhelm the system in practice
  
Our rate limiter was allowing "Max 10 requests per seconds" it might sound good but what if client sends 10 requests at 10:00:58(end of 1st window) and then 10 requests at 10:01:01(start of the next window), the system will process 20 requests within 3 seconds.

It is prone to bot attacks

Why this happens?
Rigid boundaries - The algorithm cannot handle overlap between windows.

Counter reset - At the start of new window ,counter goes back to 0, enabling another full batch of requests immediately resulting in overwhelming the system.

2. No Smoothing - It refers to the inability of evenly distributing requests over time. Because requests are only counted within rigid, discrete windows (e.g., per minute), traffic can appear spiky rather than smooth.
   
Client sends 10 request at 10.00.05.
For 10:00:06 – 10:00:59 it stays idle because limit per window is 10 requests.
At 10.01.00 the counter resets and client can again send request.

So we can say that traffic is not steady and evenly distributed.

3. No Adaptability - The boundaries are static and fixed which makes the system stay idle for a brief amount of time because of smoothing.
Both legitimate and suspicious users are treated equally.
Suspicious user might rotate IPs, do burst requests and they will still be given the same accessibility as client 



